#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
ansio==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
anthropic==0.34.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.8.2
    # via flask
build==1.2.1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via paramiko
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
docker==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
duckduckgo-search==6.2.11
    # via -r requirements.in
evdev==1.7.1
    # via pynput
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
faiss-cpu==1.8.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
flask==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.4
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.143.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
groq==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-groq
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.24.6
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inputimeout==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   flask
    #   torch
jiter==0.5.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-anthropic==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langchain-core==0.1.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-groq==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-huggingface==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.111
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.20.5
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.68
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
openai==1.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
paramiko==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via sentence-transformers
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
primp==0.6.1
    # via duckduckgo-search
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pynput==1.7.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via httplib2
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-xlib==0.33
    # via pynput
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.7.24
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.4.4
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   pynput
    #   python-xlib
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.2
    # via torch
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
torch==2.4.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.44.2
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==3.0.0
    # via torch
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   docker
    #   requests
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via flask
wheel==0.44.0
    # via pip-tools
yarl==1.9.8
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
